1. The biggest Git/Github concept I struggled with was pushing and pulling from the remote repository to the local repository on the command line. For the most part I understood how to push the changes up, but once I had merged them on Github, pulling the merge into my local files was a bit confusing. I also struggle to remember that if I create a branch of the master on my local repository before I've merged in the Github changes, the file won't reflect the changes in that branch. Overall pulling changes back in from the remote repository has been a bit of a struggle. 

2. The concept of cloning/forking/adding collaborators on github was really clarified for me today, as well as getting more practice with pulling the remote changes back into my local repository once they've been merged. 

3. I asked my pair a lot in each step for clarification whether I was driving or navigating, so a lot of my questions were to get verification that the command I was about to run was correct. We worked together to figure out why our screenshot image wasn't working properly in our markdown file and to remember the correct command to delete a branch. The questions I asked the guide were questions about Github, specifically about why it sometimes asks for your password and sometimes doesn't. _still wondering about that a bit, does that also have anything to do with being signed in on the desktop version of github?_ I also asked Helin for clarification on a couple of commands I didn't know, and she helped us to figure out how to upload an image to our repository!

4. I think the basic flow and concept of Git makes sense to me, it will just take repeated practice to get used to each step and remembering to pull in changes before continuing work on the local files. 

5. Overall I thought this was a really great first experience!! I really enjoyed working with Cassie and I felt like she was a great first pairing partner. Helin was also super helpful, and it went much smoother than i expected! I would be really happy if all of my pair sessions go as well.